Hi.
Still nothing?
Nothing.
Be patient. daughter.
Come closer. You're too far away.
Why do you want me closer?
So you can give me a hit of that.
- All yours.
- How nice of you.
Lower the camera.
Like this?
- More?
- Yes.
Fuck.
Shit.
Fuck!
THE POWER JUST WENT OUT
HOW COME?
NO IDEA
You better think of me when you cum.
I MISS YOU SO BAD
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH IT HURTS
GOOD MORNING. MY LOVE
GOOD NIGHT. MY LOVE
Therefore. the magnitude of two forces
or various electrical forces
in contact with two charges
is inversely proportional
to the product of the magnitudes
of both charges
and inversely proportional...
Andrea. pay attention
to the board. dammit.
The force would be repulsion
If both charges had the same charge
and it would be an attraction
with two charges with opposite poles.
Sorry. it won't happen again.
It exerts the same force as...
She will be forgiven
at tonight's fucking party.
Q1 and Q2 would duplicate an atom...
If any of the charges
doubled their value...
I'm meeting up with Pau.
We never see you.
So the concept of force
as a vector concept...
You're such a bitch...
Hello?
Hello.
WHERE ARE YOU?
PLAYLIST
CALLEJERA
I'M HERE WAITING FOR YOU
Babe. we're still in Sydney partying.
TALK TOMORROW MORNING?
You're so hot that everything you do
is fine by me.
So have fun. but no fucking.
Always yours. Andrea.
WHO'S WITH YOU?
NOBODY
THERE IS SOMEONE
THERE'S NO ONE
TAKE A LOOK AT THE VIDEO
You're so hot that everything you do
is fine by me.
So have fun. but no fucking.
Always yours.
I'M TELLING YOU. THERE'S NO ONE
IN THE BACK
What a pain in the ass.
You're so hot that everything you do
is fine by me.
So have fun. but no fucking.
Always yours. Andrea.
IT'S MY FATHER
THAT'S NOT YOUR FATHER
Were you in my room a little while ago?
I peeked in for a moment.
This arrived.
MARIE MONTAND. AGE 26.
GAVE BIRTH TO A BABY GIRL
ON APRIL 9. 1999
- My mother gave me my name?
- And we wanted to respect it.
You said it was in Buenos Aires.
We went there to get you.
What does it say there?
That I was born in La Plata.
We went to Buenos Aires.
They were waiting for us
at a hospital and...
They quickly handed us a baby.
which was you.
- Who did?
- A woman. a nurse.
- And where was my mother?
- We told you that. Andrea.
The nurse told us
she didn't want to meet us.
She expressly requested it.
And she wanted you adopted
in another country.
far from Argentina.
It's not easy to tell
something like that to a girl.
What did you expect?
If my uncle hadn't blurted it out.
you wouldn't have told me.
- I don't know. for you to be older.
- To turn 40 or what?
We did the our best.
DEATH CERTIFICATE - MARIE MONTAND
DECEMBER 12. 2021
Andrea. what's wrong?
Here it says my mother died.
Just a month ago.
I'm sorry. Andrea.
- Can I see it please?
- No.
If you'd told me before...
MARIE MONTAND LA PLATA
DECEASED DECEMBER 12. 2021
DEATHS IN DECEMBER. 2021
WOMAN'S BODY FOUND IN APARTMENT
WOMAN'S BODY FOUND
IN APARTMENT BUILDING IN LA PLATA
WAS RELEASED UPON COMPLETION
OF HER SENTENCE FOR MURDER
MARIE MONTAND KILLS
IMAGES OF MARIE MONTAND
YOUNG FRENCH WOMAN
KILLS STUDENT IN LA PLATA
THEY WERE IN THE HOME OF THE VICTIM.
CAMILA SEOANE. 22
CALL ME
THE PERPETRATOR WAS APREHENDED
THAT SAME EVENING
AT 240 8TH STREET
IN THE LAS QUINTAS NEIGHBORHOOD
M.M. WAS FOUND DEAD
AT 240 8TH STREET. LA PLATA
240 8TH STREET. LA PLATA
FOR SALE
Her name was Marie.
She was French.
She had me when she was 26
Maybe her family
had to go to Argentina for work.
Maybe.
What else did it say?
- Pau.
- What's wrong?
She killed a girl. my age.
- What?
- Yes.
And 20 years she gets out of prison
and they find her dead
in the same house
where she was arrested.
Fuck. babe.
And your parents. what do they say?
Nothing. I don't know.
I'm barely talking to them.
I'm so sorry that I'm not there.
- Me too.
- Come be with me.
- You'll be back soon.
- It doesn't matter.
I just got to class.
Okay. but call me later. please.
- Good night. my love.
- Good morning. my love.
CANCEL
MOVE TO RECYCLE BIN
WATCH VIDEO
But no fucking.
CALL FROM PAU
YOU HAVE TO COME TO SYDNEY
I'M DOING PRACTICALS
I'LL CALL YOU SOON
CALL FROM MOM
I'M BUYING A TICKET FOR YOU
I SAID WE'LL TALK LATER
I'M BUYING IT FOR YOU NOW
He wasn't there. Pau.
Not in the store. the street. anywhere.
It can't be. It's impossible. Andrea.
Please think about it.
Yeah. it can't be. I know.
I don't get it.
I don't understand what's going on.
- Give me your passport number. please.
- No. Pau. I said no.
I've got exams in a month.
What bullshit is that? Exams?
Don't you see how serious this is?
Don't you get it?
Or I'll go to Madrid. fuck it.
it doesn't matter.
Honey. I really miss you.
I love you so much.
I love you.
Me too.
You would be here on Saturday.
the day after tomorrow.
Andrea...
Fine. I'll give you my passport number.
Fuck. that was so hard for you.
The fucking tough chick. Just a minute.
- Is that Tom?
- No. he went out for a moment.
- Your passport number.
- He's there.
- There's no one there. babe.
- Yes. there is.
Look in your box.
There in the corner. I see him.
Fuck!
Pau.
Pau. Pau. get out! It's him!
Get out! Please. no! Pau! No!
Where are you?
My love. where are you. please!
Please! Please! Where are you?
Please say something!
Please! Where are you?
Please! Please. please!
Please! Please help me!
I'm asking you for help!
No way.
They record our calls. for sure.
The police say no.
Why would they lie to us?
- You're so naive.
- That's enough.
It was the man who's following me.
How would he know where Pau was?
It's him.
He's like an old man.
Pau couldn't see him.
But I could.
Only on the screen.
The police say I'm still in shock.
but I swear it's true.
I'm scared all the time.
Scared that he's here now...
Sitting with us.
What are you doing?
Seeing if he's here.
- Honey. there's no one here.
- We can't see him.
But he's here.
Okay. I don't understand shit.
But don't worry. we'll figure it out.
Have you slept at all?
I feel that he's here.
Andrea. there's no one.
You're scaring me.
What are you scared of.
if you don't believe me?
I DREAMED AGAIN
THAT YOU WERE SLEEPING WITH ME
Andrea?
Andrea. my girl. you have to get up.
Honey.
Come on. into the shower.
Come on.
- Yes. Come on...
- I can't.
Yes you can.
Come on. let's go take a shower. honey.
It's been two months now.
No. not the phone. honey.
- Give it to me.
- There's no one here.
I'm going with my phone.
- Please. please.
- Listen to me for a moment. please.
Come on.
You don't understand.
I can't even imagine
what you're going through. honey.
Losing someone like that. so...
But you have your whole life
ahead of you.
full of projects and friends.
You have to get your life back
and look ahead.
I have a friend who knows someone
at the French Embassy.
She said they've contacted
the family of your mother.
of Marie.
It seems that
she had a sister in Brussels.
Andrea...
Have you told me everything
about your trip to Argentina?
They told you something about my mother.
The person we were with
told us that Marie had...
some kind of disorder.
What was wrong with her?
Mom!
It seems that he was not well. mentally.
I don't know anything else. really.
I'm sorry.
Do you want us to try to contact
your aunt in Brussels?
This is finally moving.
Andrea. are you okay?
What happened. honey?
Do you want to go?
I'm losing everything.
I don't want to go on like this.
Come here.
We missed you.
- You have to have to help me.
- Of course. whatever it takes.
We can start with some vodka.
So be it.
Idiot.
What the fuck...?
That's weird.
What is that?
It stopped.
Andrea. what's wrong?
Nothing.
FOR SALE
I'll be right back.
Andrea.
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Didn't you want us to help you?
- I want to see something.
- What?
I'm not sure.
I'm going up for a moment.
Fuck! But what for?
I think I've seen this building before.
it doesn't make any sense.
But where do you think you've seen it?
In Argentina.
What are you doing?
Andrea. who lives there?
Nobody.
STAIRS
FIRST FLOOR
Didn't you say nobody lives here?
Just in case.
Let's go.
Wait for me here.
I hate you.
There is no power.
Where are you going?
Andrea. come here.
Don't go away.
There's someone there.
Where?
- There.
- Let's go. please.
I don't see anything.
It's him! Run. run!
Run!
- Andrea. Andrea. Andrea!
- Andrea. Andrea!
Hello! Open up! Help!
Please help!
Please! Is there anybody there?
- Please!
- Andrea!
- Andrea. please!
- Please. Andrea. open up!
- Andrea!
- Open the door! Open!
Andrea. open up!
Open!
Andrea!
What happened in the house?
When?
On the night of the party.
what happened?
Nothing.
- You've been different since that day.
- You're crazy.
Maybe.
And you have bad memory.
Why? What should I remember?
You should remember the rules.
Fuck the rules.
Then there's only chaos.
Okay.
Who's going to start?
I don't think it was bad.
In fact. I think I kind of liked it.
"In fact. I think I kind of liked it."
What did you like?
The story. The story's not bad.
A few shots are...
interesting.
And it goes pretty fast.
That's true.
For two people in bed talking.
the pace is okay.
Who else?
Yes. and then
there's the femme fatale theme.
Alright. In what sense?
I think Cami clearly wants to say
more about it. right?
What does she want to tell us?
I don't know.
she's much smarter than I am.
I would have to see it again.
but I liked it.
Do you want to add anything. Camila?
No. nothing.
Cami.
Camila.
How was it?
I don't know. Fine.
The short isn't good. you know that.
The script wasn't great
and the shoot didn't help.
You don't even know where it happens.
Where? Massachusetts?
It's definitely not La Plata.
Any ideas for the next assignment?
I'm thinking. but nothing specific yet.
Don't overthink it.
Get a camera from the storeroom.
and go out and find something true.
from the real world.
I have some time before the next class.
Do you want to come to my office?
Will you tell me your thoughts?
Can I help you?
I can't. sorry.
Excuse me. could you open the door?
Could you open. please?
- Cami. are you having dinner with us?
- No. I have things to do.
CLAUDE MONTAND - 105 STREET. APT. 1885
LA PLATA. 1900
MARIE MONTAND - 105 STREET. APT. 1885
Get out of the way!
Shut the fucking door!
MONTAND. CLAUDE
105 ST. - APT. 1885
Hello?
Who is it?
DIRECTED BY CAMILA SEOANE
Open them. Javier.
Well...
Who's going to start?
No one?
Cami. did this girl know
you were filming her?
Of course.
So what we saw. what was it?
It's a fiction.
It's not a documentary. right?
It's a strange piece.
It's sad. but scary at the same time.
I like it.
It's not something usual.
The bodyguard again.
Anyone else?
- Alright. who's next?
- Me. Cuevas.
Go ahead.
Today's assignment...
Sorry. aren't you going to tell me
what you think?
There's not much to say. Cami.
If you want to talk. come by my office.
I don't want to go to your office.
I want your opinion.
I don't believe you didn't like it.
It's the most amateur short
you've ever made.
You broke all the rules.
Maybe to look modern.
but it doesn't work.
The out-of-focus shots don't work.
the supposed tension doesn't work
and. of course.
the editing doesn't work.
I didn't get it at all.
because it doesn't stir me one bit.
It's exhibitionist and superficial.
I can go on.
No need.
Go ahead. Fede.
My exercise was the quest for cinema
from a view of hatred.
Cami.
Something going on with Cuevas?
No. nothing.
Where'd you get that actress?
She's a friend.
I'd love to work with her.
she's amazing.
She doesn't like working with strangers.
- Introduce me to her.
- She's in France now. she's from there.
When she gets back. maybe.
Don't sweat it. he's a fascist.
Let's go gave a drink. I'm buying.
I don't feel like it.
Better alone crying.
watching Polish movies. right?
Wait.
Did you really like the short?
Where are you?
Come on. girl.
you're not filming anything.
Why don't you film this?
FOR SALE
What?
I don't understand you.
What are you saying?
Are you insane?
What are you talking about?
What? You're crazy.
Talk to me in Spanish.
I'm also looking around
because I have a friend who wants to...
An actor friend who wants to act.
I don't know if I like the way he acts.
I felt like doing something
about a couple or...
I don't know.
My friend. the actress in the short...
- Yes?
- She's back.
- If you want. I'll give you the number.
- You know I already met her?
Yes. in Blast.
What?
Blast. the club.
You have to go out more.
You can't be a good director
if all you do
is stay locked in your room.
What is it? A bar?
Yeah. a club. a big bar.
And people dance. drink...
Yes. I think I saw something
like that in a movie.
- Yeah. well. it's better in person.
- You don't say.
We can go later if you want.
Fine. Is Marie going?
What. are you jealous?
Maybe.
You could have warned me
that the chick was nuts.
You ended up in her house?
So you met the old man?
We were alone.
Are you sure?
What she did tell me
is she didn't care
about being an actress.
I asked her about your short.
She didn't even remember.
That's strange.
Don't worry. I didn't say anything.
About what?
- Her not knowing you were filming her.
- Of course she knows.
She must've been super drunk.
so she doesn't remember.
- She really likes beer.
- Also vodka. coke. pills...
- Did you make a list?
- Guys.
Guys?
It seems she's banged half La Plata.
And you the other half. right?
That's right.
But enough of the French girl.
How are you?
Same as always. You?
Same as always.
What's wrong with you?
- What's wrong with you?
- Why the fuck did you bring me here?
Are you into me or not?
Hello.
How are you?
I know you.
No. I don't think so.
I feel like I do.
- What the fuck?
- What's going on?
Shit!
What do you do in life. Camila?
I study film.
- To be an actress?
- No. a director.
Are you good?
I could be. but I have a long way to go.
I met a guy who also studies film.
Tall. handsome. shaved head...
Do you know him?
Better yet. he's kind of an asshole.
And you. what do you do?
I don't do anything.
Interested in moving
to the neighborhood?
You look at that building a lot.
I don't know. it gives me a bad vibe.
Have you ever thought
of sneaking into an empty place
and hiding from everyone?
FOR SALE
Do you have a boyfriend?
No. thank you.
Well. you must have someone.
And you?
But I would tell you.
especially if he was bad for me.
Do you want to tell me something?
What are we doing tomorrow?
Take me to a new club I don't know.
We can go to the movies.
Okay.
And your parents. where are they?
China. Chile. Cyprus...
My...
My old man is an idiot.
He's stupid...
I don't care about my old man.
Please don't go.
There's a T-shirt over there.
Camila.
What?
I think I'm going crazy.
No. don't say that.
It's true.
We're cursed.
Us?
I'll take care of you.
PREGNANCY TEST
Hello.
I'm Camila. a friend.
Do you know where Marie is?
She said she'd be right back.
Lisbeth. go play in the garden.
Get dressed.
Yes. sorry.
Did she say where she was going?
She's supposed to be
looking after her sister today.
but once again
she shirks her responsibility.
Marie loves Lisbeth very much.
How do you think she is?
She seems better.
Marie needs help.
I can help her.
Professional help.
What do you think is wrong with her?
I'm starting to think
it's the same as her mother.
And what's wrong with your mother?
She always avoids the subject.
That's private. a family matter.
Well. when you see her.
tell her I've taken care of Lisbeth.
Or even better. don't tell her anything.
You can see yourself out. right?
- Hi.
- Are you busy?
- What happened to you?
Nothing.
Did you want to go to the movies?
What do you mean nothing?
- Come on. let's go to the movies.
- Who did that to you?
- I don't know.
- Yes. you know.
Why are you with that guy?
Who is he?
What guy?
Camila. please wait.
Camila. stop.
Is Adolfo the father?
Or is it the old man's?
How do you know that?
- I hope it's not the old man.
- What? What old man?
The one who's with you all the time.
What are you taking about?
Come.
Over here.
- Cami. honey...?
- We're in my room.
What is this?
Fucking pervert. What is this?
- Hold on.
- No. You're gross.
- Turn that off!
- Just one second.
- Look. Look.
It's him. isn't it?
Did he hit you?
I don't know.
Let's go to the police.
Come on.
I was all alone.
I was alone.
Hello. Are you Cami's friend?
Are you okay?
Let me see you. What happened to you?
What happened?
What's wrong. sweetheart?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
What did you do? What happened?
What happened? Come here.
It's here?
No. further down. Over there.
- Hello?
- Lisbeth?
- It's me.
- What happened to you?
Nothing happened to me.
I have to tell you something.
You have to listen to me. okay?
Okay.
From now on you have to be very careful.
Okay? I...
Give me the phone. Go to your room.
- Marie. where are you?
- Dad.
- Honey. listen...
- Dad. I have to tell you something.
Honey. please come home right away.
Dad. I have to tell you something.
It's very difficult. Please listen.
Listen to me for real.
They say you hurt a girl very badly.
your friend.
I don't understand.
Tell me what happened.
It wasn't me.
The police say they found your bag
in her house. in her room.
It wasn't me. it was him.
- Wait. Him? Who. Marie?
- I don't know who he is.
Honey. you're scaring me.
You scare me.
Please tell me where you are
and I'll pick you up.
I'm going to tell you.
But listen to me. okay?
Go ahead. I'm listening.
It's a man. an old man.
You can't see him. but you can film him.
What are you telling me?
I know. But he's always with me
and he was with Mom.
Mom died because of him.
He started coming with me when Mom died.
What are you telling me?
Marie. what man?
I don't know.
But that's why Mom died.
Honey. no. You're in shock.
Come home and tell me what happened.
Mom left to protect us from him.
No. Marie. your mother...
killed herself.
- No!
- She wasn't well.
She left home and killed herself.
Don't say that.
I can't take anymore.
I can't handle this.
Dad...
Dad. think what you want about me.
but you have to take
good care of Lisbeth.
- Don't talk about her.
- Okay?
- I'm scared he'll come after her.
- Your sister won't be like you.
Put her on the phone.
You're not speaking to your sister.
Please. I want speak to her.
Leave your sister alone.
that's all I ask of you.
I'll call you back. okay?
I'll explain it all better.
No. come home. Marie. You need help.
I'm begging you. come home.
- Take care of Lisbeth.
- Marie. tell me where you are.
- Take care.
- Honey. don't go.
- Okay?
- Honey. please don't hang up.
- Marie. please!
- Goodbye.
Mary. Mary!
FOR SALE
Mom.
Mom!
Open up!
Son of a bitch!
Open it!
Mom!
There she is.
Mom. I'll get you out of there!
Hold on. Hold on.
Let's see this. Let go!
Let go!
Let go. Stay still.
Mom!
Come on.
Open.
Get in.
Get in. Get in. Get in. Get in!
Hello. Lisbeth. It's Mercedes.
I'm calling to tell you that. finally.
Sara's coming too.
She's a friend of Andrea's.
I was with her when she died...
And she wants to talk to you too.
Thank you again for letting us
go to meet you.
I really think this is important
for understanding
what happened to your sister
and my daughter
because. when Andrea
told us all about it.
we couldn't believe her.
Or we didn't want to.
But now we realize that it was all true.
I hope this helps us all.
I think that's
what's happening to me now.
To you?
Don't worry.
We're here.
LISBETH BRUSELAS. 2023
THE WAILING